:slug: coc
:save_as: coc.html

GNU Mailman Community Code of Conduct
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The GNU Mailman community is made up of members from around the globe, with a
diverse set of skills, personalities, and experiences.  It is through these
differences that our community experiences great success and continued
growth.  When you're working with members of the community, we encourage you
to follow these guidelines, which help steer our interactions and strive to
keep GNU Mailman a positive, successful, and growing community.

A member of the GNU Mailman community is:


Open
~~~~

Members of the community are open to collaboration, whether it's through the
discussion lists, IRC channels, bug tracker, patches, or otherwise.  We're
receptive to constructive comment and criticism, as the experiences and skill
sets of other members contribute to the whole of our efforts.  We're accepting
of all who wish to take part in our activities, fostering an environment where
anyone can participate and everyone can make a difference.


Considerate
~~~~~~~~~~~

Members of the community are considerate of their peers -- and other GNU
Mailman users, list administrators, and subscribers.  We're thoughtful when
addressing the efforts of others, keeping in mind that often times the labor
was completed simply for the good of the community.  We're attentive in our
communications, whether in person or online, and we're tactful when
approaching differing views.


Respectful
~~~~~~~~~~

Members of the community are respectful.  We're respectful of others, their
positions, their skills, their commitments, and their efforts.  We're
respectful of the volunteer efforts that permeate the GNU Mailman community.
We're respectful of the processes set forth in the community, and we work
within them.  When we disagree, we are courteous in raising our issues.

Overall, we're good to each other.  We contribute to this community not
because we have to, but because we want to.  If we remember that, these
guidelines will come naturally.


No Spam or UCE
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We disapprove, in the strongest possible way, of any use of GNU Mailman to
send spam or unsolicited commercial email (UCE).


Note
~~~~

This document was derived from the `Python Software Foundation Code of Conduct
<https://www.python.org/psf/codeofconduct/>`__, which is licensed under the
terms of the `Creative Commons Zero license <https://creativecommons.org/choose/zero/>`__ (CC0).  This document is therefore also licensed under the terms of the CC0.
